Interactive & Standalone support for multi-statement requests (#2428)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/changelog.rst

KSQL 5.2 includes bug fixes, including:

> * Improved support for multi-line requests to the rest-api, where statements are interdependent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved support for multi-line requests to the REST API, where statements are interdependent.
```

Author: done.

>   Prior to v5.2 KSQL parsed the full request before attempting to execute any statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Prior to version 5.2, KSQL parsed the full request before attempting to execute any statements.
```

Author: done.

>   Requests that contained later statements that were dependant on prior statements having executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Requests that contained later statements that were dependent on prior statements having executed
```

Author: done.

>   would like of failed. From this release this should no longer be an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  would have failed. In version 5.2 and later, this is no longer an issue.
```

> * Improved support for non-interactive a.k.a headless mode. scripts what would previously fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved support for non-interactive, "headless" mode. Scripts that would previously fail
```

Author: done.

>   Prior to v5.2 KSQL parsed the full script before attempting to execute any statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Prior to version 5.2, KSQL parsed the full script before attempting to execute any statements.
```

Author: done.

>   The full parse would often fail where later statements relied on earlier statements having been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The full parse would often fail when later statements relied on the execution of earlier statements.
```

Author: done.

>   correctly executed. From this release this should no longer be an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In version 5.2 and later, this is no longer an issue.
```

Author: done.
